Module4 STL (#24)
jetbrains-academy/CppBasics: StandardLibraryEssentials/Templates/TemplateSpecialization/task.md

At times, you will need to handle various types of template parameters differently. 

For example, you may want to create a function that works with any type. However, if the type is a pointer, you would prefer to follow an alternative way. Fortunately, with template specialization, you can create a special version of the function for pointers, as well as for any other type. To do so, you need to write a function implementation with a defined type, like this:
```cpp
template <typename T>
void print(T value) {
    std::cout << value << std::endl;
}

template <>
void print<int*>(int* value) {
    std::cout << *value << std::endl;
}

int main() {
    int a = 5;
    int* b = &a;
    print(a); // prints 5

>     print(b); // prints the value of the pointer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    print(b); // also prints 5 --- the pointed-to value
```

    return 0;
}
```

When the compiler encounters any call to a template function, it first checks for a specialized version of the function for the argument's type. If such a version exists, it will employ it; otherwise, it will use the general version.

> There is a technique called metaprogramming, which allows you to write code that generates other code using templates and template specialization. Since it is a complex topic, we will not cover it in this course, but you can find more information about it in the [C++ documentation](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/meta). However, there is a feature called "type traits" that can be helpful in some cases. Type traits are a set of classes that provide information about types at compile time. You can use them to check if a type has a specific property, like being a pointer or reference. You can find more information about type traits in the [C++ documentation](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/header/type_traits).

Reviewer: Let's not mention "type traits". It is a complicated feature, which can only confuse novice programmers. This feature deserves its own series of tasks and should be properly explained.

> Since each specialization requires a separate implementation, it may not always be the best solution. In many cases, you can try to find any common type property and use it's checker, like the `std::is_pointer` function to check if the type is a pointer and handle it within the general function. This way, you can avoid code duplication and make the code more readable.

Reviewer: Let's remove this paragraph and example too.

```cpp
#include <type_traits>
template <typename T>
void print(T value) {
    if (std::is_pointer<T>::value) {
        std::cout << *value << std::endl;
    } else {
        std::cout << value << std::endl;
    }
}
```

> If the number of parameters is unknown, you can use variadic templates. This allows you to create a function that can take any number of arguments of any type. The syntax is a bit more complex, but it is still quite simple:

Reviewer: Let's move info about variadic templates into the first task, where the templates are introduced.

> If the number of parameters is unknown, you can use variadic templates. This allows you to create a function that can take any number of arguments of any type. The syntax is a bit more complex, but it is still quite simple:

Reviewer: > The syntax is a bit more complex, but it is still quite simple

This sentence does not make sense, let's remove it.
